# INTERPOL Red Notices

INTERPOL Notices are international requests for cooperation or alerts allowing
police in member countries to share critical crime-related information.

Notices are published by INTERPOL’s General Secretariat at the request of
﻿National Central Bureaus (NCBs) and authorized entities, and can be published
in any of the Organization’s official languages: Arabic, English, French and
Spanish.

In the case of Red Notices, the persons concerned are wanted by national
jurisdictions for prosecution or to serve a sentence based on an arrest
warrant or court decision. INTERPOL's role is to assist the national police
forces in identifying and locating these persons with a view to their arrest
and extradition or similar lawful action.

In addition, Notices are used by the United Nations, International Criminal
Tribunals and the International Criminal Court to seek persons wanted for
committing crimes within their jurisdiction, notably genocide, war crimes,
and crimes against humanity.

* https://www.interpol.int/INTERPOL-expertise/Notices

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Friedrich Lindenberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
